pages/IO/Import/registerlearner-action.md, before:

---
title: Register Learner Action
keywords: register, learner, import, data, registerLearnerAction
last_updated: October 2019
tags:
summary: "Register a learner to a session with respect to the data row from the import file."
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: registerlearner-action.html
folder: Import
dynamic_content: true
show_mandatory_column: true
columns: [candidateLogin, candidateRefNumber, candidateEmail, trainingPathCode, trainingId, sessionTitle, sessionId, 
    sessionStartDate, sessionEndDate, registrationGuid, registerFlag, ignoredColumn, registrationDate]
parameters: [traineeSearchField, trainingSearchField, sessionSearchField, dontUpdateExistingSessions, fullAccess, 
    reactivateRegisteredLearners]
---

### Examples

```xml 
<actions>
	<registerLearnerAction>
		<options>
			<traineeSearchField>
				<candidateRefNumber/>
			</traineeSearchField>
			<trainingSearchField hasResults="yes">
				<trainingPathCode/>
			</trainingSearchField>
			<sessionSearchField>
				<sessionTitle/>
				<sessionStartDate/>
			</sessionSearchField>
		</options>
		<fields>
			<candidateRefNumber/><!-- Must have Candidate Ref Number, Email or Login -->
			<candidateEmail/>
			<candidateLogin/>
			<trainingPathCode/><!-- Must have Training PathCode or Id --> 
			<trainingId/>
                	<sessionTitle/><!-- Must have Session Title or Id --> 
			<seesionId/>
			<sessionStartDate/>
			<sessionEndDate/>
			<registerFlag><!-- Must have registration Flag -->
				<keepSession>Y</keepSession>
			</registerFlag>
			<registrationGuid/>
                        </registrationDate>
		</fields>
	</registerLearnerAction>
</actions>
```

### Error Messages

Message | Explanation
---- | ----
`Field [...] is empty.` |	A mandatory field was not filled.
`The training could not be found and it is mandatory.` |	The filters provided by a row from the import file failed to refer to any existing training course.
`Start date [...] not valid.` |	A row from the import file has provided an invalid sessionStartDate, with respect to the dateFormat defined above.
`End date [...] not valid.` |	A row from the import file has provided an invalid sessionEndDate, with respect to the dateFormat defined above.
`Register flag has invalid value [...], [...] or [...] expected.` |	A row from the import file has provided a flag that is different from those defined in the registerFlag field.
`The session can not be found and it's mandatory.` |	The filters provided by a row from the import file failed to refer to any existing session.
`No search field was provided to find the candidate.` |	All the columns containing information about the learner were empty on a specific row;or the traineeSearchField was empty.
`The candidate was not found.` |	A row from the import file has provided learner information that does not refer to any existing learner.
`The candidate was not detected as a input data, object of type [...] provided.` |	
`Cannot create a session without valid training course.` |	The filters provided by a row from the import file failed to refer to any existing training course.
`The session could not be created or retrieved from the database.` |	An unexpected error occured during the retrieval or the creation of the session.
`The learner is already registered to this training session.` |	The learner is already registered to the given training course session.
`The candidate is not registered to this training.` |	A row from the import file is attempting to unenroll a learner from a training course session, but they were not enrolled there in the first place.

Commit message:

update description of registerlearner action page

pages/IO/Import/registerlearner-action.md, after:

---
title: Register Learner Action
keywords: register, learner, import, data, registerLearnerAction
last_updated: October 2019
tags:
summary: "Register a learner to a session with respect to the data row from the import file."
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: registerlearner-action.html
folder: Import
dynamic_content: true
show_mandatory_column: true
important_note: >
    In the case where you are creating registrations (= not updating existing ones), but you haven't specified the column 
    <code class="highlighter-rouge">sessionTitle</code> in your configuration and your import data, then the task will automatically 
    update the title of the session linked to each new registration to "Session for %learner_fullname%". The only way to avoid this is 
    to make sure to specify the `sessionTitle` values for all new registrations, even if it only means copying the name 
    of the existing session for each line of your data file.
columns: [candidateLogin, candidateRefNumber, candidateEmail, trainingPathCode, trainingId, sessionTitle, sessionId, 
    sessionStartDate, sessionEndDate, registrationGuid, registerFlag, ignoredColumn, registrationDate]
parameters: [traineeSearchField, trainingSearchField, sessionSearchField, dontUpdateExistingSessions, fullAccess, 
    reactivateRegisteredLearners]
---

### Examples

```xml 
<actions>
	<registerLearnerAction>
		<options>
			<traineeSearchField>
				<candidateRefNumber/>
			</traineeSearchField>
			<trainingSearchField hasResults="yes">
				<trainingPathCode/>
			</trainingSearchField>
			<sessionSearchField>
				<sessionTitle/>
				<sessionStartDate/>
			</sessionSearchField>
		</options>
		<fields>
			<candidateRefNumber/><!-- Must have Candidate Ref Number, Email or Login -->
			<candidateEmail/>
			<candidateLogin/>
			<trainingPathCode/><!-- Must have Training PathCode or Id --> 
			<trainingId/>
                	<sessionTitle/><!-- Must have Session Title or Id --> 
			<seesionId/>
			<sessionStartDate/>
			<sessionEndDate/>
			<registerFlag><!-- Must have registration Flag -->
				<keepSession>Y</keepSession>
			</registerFlag>
			<registrationGuid/>
                        </registrationDate>
		</fields>
	</registerLearnerAction>
</actions>
```

### Error Messages

Message | Explanation
---- | ----
`Field [...] is empty.` |	A mandatory field was not filled.
`The training could not be found and it is mandatory.` |	The filters provided by a row from the import file failed to refer to any existing training course.
`Start date [...] not valid.` |	A row from the import file has provided an invalid sessionStartDate, with respect to the dateFormat defined above.
`End date [...] not valid.` |	A row from the import file has provided an invalid sessionEndDate, with respect to the dateFormat defined above.
`Register flag has invalid value [...], [...] or [...] expected.` |	A row from the import file has provided a flag that is different from those defined in the registerFlag field.
`The session can not be found and it's mandatory.` |	The filters provided by a row from the import file failed to refer to any existing session.
`No search field was provided to find the candidate.` |	All the columns containing information about the learner were empty on a specific row;or the traineeSearchField was empty.
`The candidate was not found.` |	A row from the import file has provided learner information that does not refer to any existing learner.
`The candidate was not detected as a input data, object of type [...] provided.` |	
`Cannot create a session without valid training course.` |	The filters provided by a row from the import file failed to refer to any existing training course.
`The session could not be created or retrieved from the database.` |	An unexpected error occured during the retrieval or the creation of the session.
`The learner is already registered to this training session.` |	The learner is already registered to the given training course session.
`The candidate is not registered to this training.` |	A row from the import file is attempting to unenroll a learner from a training course session, but they were not enrolled there in the first place.
