pages/prerequisites/content-information.md, before:

---
title: CrossKnowledge contents information
keywords: pre-requisites, prerequisites, requirements, content
last_updated: 9 November, 2017
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: content-information
folder: prerequisites
---


### Content weight

Learning object type | Average weight | Min. | Max. | Duration | Bandwidth
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
Essentials | 395 KB | 157 KB | 655 KB | N/A | N/A
Action Tips | 313 KB | 174 KB | 890 KB | N/A | N/A
Business Reviews | 248 KB | 83 KB | 2424 KB | N/A | N/A
Videocasts | 11 MB | 3 MB | 36 MB | 5mn | 400kB/s (peak)
Sessions | 14 MB | 1 289 KB | 84 MB | from 30 to 45 mn | 500kB/s (peak ), 40kB/s (average)
The Team Sessions | 140 MB | 119 MB | 162 MB | from 30 to 45 mn | 2000kB/s (peak), 400kB/s (average)


### Mobile for CrossKnowledge contents

The following content compatible with iPad (2, 3, 4 and mini) - additional requirements may be needed for the content hosted on the Learning Suite.

Compatibility with Android tablets is made but not officially supported.

Format | Tablets | Smartphones
---- | ---- | ----
Videocasts | iOS 4+: English + subtitles in 16 langues, Android 3.0+ : English, Mp4 format | iOS 4+: English, Android 4.0+, Mp4 format
Essentials | iOS 4+ & Android 4.0+, For both, 15 languages, PDF format | iOS 4+ & Android 4.0+, For both, 15 languages, PDF format
Action tips | iOS 4+ & Android 4.0+, For both, 16 languages, PDF format | iOS 4+ & Android 4.0+, For both, 16 languages, PDF format
Business reviews | iOS 4+ & Android 4.0+, For both, 2 languages, PDF format | iOS 4+ & Android 4.0+, For both, 2 languages, PDF format
The Team (LO Code TTxxxxx) and New CrossKnowledge Sessions (v3) | See Content produced with Mohive in Multi-devices Mode (HTML5)  | See Content produced with Mohive in Multi-devices Mode (HTML5)


### About The Team v2 (LO code like TTxx3xx) and New CrossKnowledge Sessions

- Only deployable using CrossKnowledge Suite 12.1 (and newer versions)
- The basic pre-requisites of CrossKnowledge Suite 12.1 (and newer versions) have to be applied plus: 600 kbit / s bandwidth (equivalent to 3G)
- Cloud Mode: HTML5
- Classic Mode: Flash Player 10
- Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 minimum (popup blockers must be disabled or else allow the browser to accept pop-ups from CrossKnowledge.com).

### CrossKnowledge Contents additional Requirements

95% of CrossKnowledge content will not require any more specific software, including videos and CrossKnowedge Session built with Mohive. Some third party content might require Flash Player. Please ask us for detailed information.

Please note that content built with Flash will not be responsive.

Commit message:

Update CKLS pre requisites (#64)
* First simple fix on OS version, etc..

* Another batch on obvious corrections

* typo

* Fix typo

* Some small changes following review

* Rewamp the About New CrossKnowledge Sessions section mainly removing Cloud: HTML5 that does mean anything

pages/prerequisites/content-information.md, after:

---
title: CrossKnowledge content information
keywords: pre-requisites, prerequisites, requirements, content
last_updated: 20 February, 2024
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: content-information
folder: prerequisites
---


### Content weight

Learning object type | Average weight | Min. | Max. | Duration | Bandwidth
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
Essentials | 395 KB | 157 KB | 655 KB | N/A | N/A
Action Tips | 313 KB | 174 KB | 890 KB | N/A | N/A
Business Reviews | 248 KB | 83 KB | 2424 KB | N/A | N/A
Videocasts | 11 MB | 3 MB | 36 MB | 5mn | 400kB/s (peak)
Sessions | 14 MB | 1 289 KB | 84 MB | from 30 to 45 mn | 500kB/s (peak ), 40kB/s (average)

### Mobile for CrossKnowledge content

The following content compatible with iPad (latest version) - additional requirements may be needed for the content hosted on the Learning Suite.

Compatibility with Android tablets is made but not officially supported.

Format | Tablets | Smartphones
---- | ---- | ----
Videocasts | iOS (latest version): English + subtitles in 16 langues, Android (latest version) : English, Mp4 format | iOS (latest version): English, Android (latest version), Mp4 format
Essentials | iOS (latest version) & Android (latest version), For both, 15 languages, PDF format | iOS (latest version) & Android (latest version), For both, 15 languages, PDF format
Action tips | iOS (latest version) & Android (latest version), For both, 16 languages, PDF format | iOS (latest version) & Android (latest version), For both, 16 languages, PDF format
Business reviews | iOS (latest version) & Android (latest version), For both, 2 languages, PDF format | iOS (latest version) & Android (latest version), For both, 2 languages, PDF format

### About CrossKnowledge Sessions

Microsoft Edge latest version (popup blockers must be disabled or else allow the browser to accept pop-ups from CrossKnowledge.com).

### CrossKnowledge Content additional Requirements

95% of CrossKnowledge content will not require any more specific software, including videos and CrossKnowedge Session built with Mohive.
