pages/prerequisites/mohive.md, before:

---
title: Mohive Technical Prerequisites
keywords: pre-requisites, prerequisites, requirements
last_updated: 30 June, 2020
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: Mohive-prerequisites
folder: prerequisites
---


This document specifies the Mohive eLPS system requirements. The system requirements are allocated to the course environment (for content playback), the authoring environment (for content production) and the Mohive eLPS Server.
Mohive is a rapid learning solution also called LCMS.

These technical requirements may be modified according to technical developments of CrossKnowledge solutions.

### Author web application requirements

Screen resolution | 1280x800 or higher recommended
Sound card | Recommended (speakers/headphones are required for most content)
Processor | Intel® Pentium IV or better
RAM | 2 GB (4GB prefered, depending on the OS)
Operating system | Microsoft Windows 8.1 (Desktop mode only) or 10, Apple macOS (10.13+)
Web browser | Internet Explorer 11 (latest version), Mozilla Firefox (latest version), Google Chrome (latest version), Apple Safari (latest version)
Adobe Flash | Latest version
Popup blocker | Disabled
Cookies | Enabled

**Adobe will stop updating and distributing the Adobe Flash Player, used by the Mohive authoring platform at the end of 2020.
This will not affect content created in Mohive in Multi-devices mode.
The author workstation will still be operational if you download the desktop application, automatically proposed by Mohive, even if the browser doesn’t work with flash anymore.
The Mohive desktop application is not compatible with Apple devices.**

### Author desktop application requirements

Screen resolution | 1280x800 or higher recommended
Sound card | Recommended
Operating system (Microsoft only) | Windows 8.1 (Desktop mode only) or Windows 10

### Author network requirements

Whitelist the whole domain name | https://*.mohive.net
Mail server IP adresses | 85.31.193.42, 85.31.192.42

### Multi-devices Mode (HTML5 Runtime) for Mohive contents (15.1+)

Broadband connection | 256 kbps, 512 kbps recommended for content with videos
Processor | Intel® Pentium IV or better
RAM | *NEW* (since June 2016) 2GB, 4GB recommended (previously: 1GB, 2GB recommended)
Screen resolution | 1024x768
Sound card | Recommended
PC Devices |  Windows XP, Vista, Seven, 8 (Desktop only) with Internet Explorer 10 & 11 & Edge (with latest minor release) or Firefox (latest version) or Chrome (latest version)
Mac Devices | Mac OSX (10.4+) with Chrome (latest version) or Firefox (latest version)
iPad Devices | Any Apple iPad from version 2 onwards, with latest iOS version and Safari browser
Android Devices | Any Android tablet from version 4.2 onwards, with Chrome as a browser
iPhone Smartphones Devices | Any iPhone from version 5s onwards, with latest iOS version and Safari browser
Android Smartphones Devices | Any Android Phone from version 4.2 onwards, with Chrome as a browser
Popup blocker | Disabled for Mohive
Cookies | enabled
JavaScript | enabled

### Legacy Desktop Mode (Flash Runtime) for Mohive contents (15.1+)

Broadband connection | 256 kbps, 512 kbps recommended for content with videos
Processor | Intel® Pentium® 1 GHz or faster processer
RAM | 512MB
Screen resolution | 1024x768
Sound card | Recommended
Operating system | Windows XP, Vista, Seven, 8 (Desktop mode only, Tablet mode is not supported), Mac OSX (10.4+)
Browser | Internet Explorer 6SP2 or higher (with latest minor release), Firefox (latest version), Chrome (latest version)
Macromedia Flash | Flash player 9+ minimum, Flash Player 11+ is recommended for optimum video playback (with latest minor release)
Popup blocker | Disabled for Mohive
Cookies | enabled
JavaScript | enabled

**Adobe will stop updating and distributing the Adobe Flash Player, used by Legacy Desktop mode for Mohive contents at the end of 2020.**

### Legacy Tablet Mode (Flash Runtime)

- Tablet support requires any Apple iPad from version 2 onwards, with latest iOS version.
- Only available for customers using the Legacy Tablet Mode in previous Mohive versions.
- Other customers are invited to use the Multi-devices Mode (HTML5 runtime)

**Adobe will stop updating and distributing the Adobe Flash Player, used by Legacy Tablet mode for Mohive contents at the end of 2020.**

Commit message:

Updated prerequisites for CKLS/Mohive/TeamShift related to usage of flash and IE 11

pages/prerequisites/mohive.md, after:

---
title: Mohive Technical Prerequisites
keywords: pre-requisites, prerequisites, requirements
last_updated: 30 June, 2020
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: Mohive-prerequisites
folder: prerequisites
---


This document specifies the Mohive eLPS system requirements. The system requirements are allocated to the course environment (for content playback), the authoring environment (for content production) and the Mohive eLPS Server.
Mohive is a rapid learning solution also called LCMS.

These technical requirements may be modified according to technical developments of CrossKnowledge solutions.

### Author web application requirements

Screen resolution | 1280x800 or higher recommended
Sound card | Recommended (speakers/headphones are required for most content)
Processor | Intel® Pentium IV or better
RAM | 2 GB (4GB prefered, depending on the OS)
Operating system | Microsoft Windows 8.1 (Desktop mode only) or 10, Apple macOS (10.13+)
Web browser | Mozilla Firefox (latest version), Google Chrome (latest version), Apple Safari (latest version), *Internet Explorer 11 (latest version)* **¹**
Adobe Flash | Latest version
Popup blocker | Disabled
Cookies | Enabled

**¹** *Please note that [Microsoft started to lower the support](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-365-blog/microsoft-365-apps-say-farewell-to-internet-explorer-11-and/ba-p/1591666) on this web browser. The usage of other mentionned web browsers is highly recommended instead.*

**Adobe will [stop updating and distributing](https://blog.adobe.com/en/publish/2017/07/25/adobe-flash-update.html) the Adobe Flash Player at the end of 2020.**

**As a consequence, the author workstation will still be operational only if you download the desktop application, automatically proposed by Mohive. Please note that the Mohive desktop application is not compatible with Apple devices.**

**This will not affect content created in Mohive in Multi-devices mode.**

### Author desktop application requirements

Screen resolution | 1280x800 or higher recommended
Sound card | Recommended
Operating system (Microsoft only) | Windows 8.1 (Desktop mode only) or Windows 10

### Author network requirements

Whitelist the whole domain name | https://*.mohive.net
Mail server IP adresses | 85.31.193.42, 85.31.192.42

### Multi-devices Mode (HTML5 Runtime) for Mohive contents (15.1+)

Broadband connection | 256 kbps, 512 kbps recommended for content with videos
Processor | Intel® Pentium IV or better
RAM | *NEW* (since June 2016) 2GB, 4GB recommended (previously: 1GB, 2GB recommended)
Screen resolution | 1024x768
Sound card | Recommended
PC Devices |  Windows XP, Vista, Seven, 8 (Desktop only) with Internet Explorer 10 & 11 & Edge (with latest minor release) or Firefox (latest version) or Chrome (latest version)
Mac Devices | Mac OSX (10.4+) with Chrome (latest version) or Firefox (latest version)
iPad Devices | Any Apple iPad from version 2 onwards, with latest iOS version and Safari browser
Android Devices | Any Android tablet from version 4.2 onwards, with Chrome as a browser
iPhone Smartphones Devices | Any iPhone from version 5s onwards, with latest iOS version and Safari browser
Android Smartphones Devices | Any Android Phone from version 4.2 onwards, with Chrome as a browser
Popup blocker | Disabled for Mohive
Cookies | enabled
JavaScript | enabled

### Legacy Desktop Mode (Flash Runtime) for Mohive contents (15.1+)

Broadband connection | 256 kbps, 512 kbps recommended for content with videos
Processor | Intel® Pentium® 1 GHz or faster processer
RAM | 512MB
Screen resolution | 1024x768
Sound card | Recommended
Operating system | Windows XP, Vista, Seven, 8 (Desktop mode only, Tablet mode is not supported), Mac OSX (10.4+)
Browser | Internet Explorer 6SP2 or higher (with latest minor release), Firefox (latest version), Chrome (latest version)
Macromedia Flash | Flash player 9+ minimum, Flash Player 11+ is recommended for optimum video playback (with latest minor release)
Popup blocker | Disabled for Mohive
Cookies | enabled
JavaScript | enabled

**Adobe will stop updating and distributing the Adobe Flash Player, used by Legacy Desktop mode for Mohive contents at the end of 2020.**

### Legacy Tablet Mode (Flash Runtime)

- Tablet support requires any Apple iPad from version 2 onwards, with latest iOS version.
- Only available for customers using the Legacy Tablet Mode in previous Mohive versions.
- Other customers are invited to use the Multi-devices Mode (HTML5 runtime)

**Adobe will stop updating and distributing the Adobe Flash Player, used by Legacy Tablet mode for Mohive contents at the end of 2020.**
