pages/prerequisites/MyLearning.md, before:

---
title: My Learning Technical Prerequisites
keywords: pre-requisites, prerequisites, requirements, mylearning
last_updated: 9 April, 2018
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: MyLearning-prerequisites
folder: prerequisites
---


## Compatibility

My Learning application is supported on:
* Apple iOS:<br>
Any device with iOS 12 and above.
* Android:<br>
Any device using Android Oreo 8.0 and above.

Latest mobile application version available on both stores is the only supported version.

## Content

In order to see all CrossKnowledge content on your mobile device, you need to have the cloud option activated. This option will make sure that our CrossKnowledge content are hosted on our cloud solutions.

My Learning is optimized to open SCORM/AICC packages/connectors in frame mode and not in pop-up mode.

Please note that SCORM connectors are not optimized for mobile usage.

## Offline content

My Learning allows downloading Blendedx and Learning Channel learning resources offline, to view them with no connectivity.

To download offline learning resources, the users’ devices must have enough space on their local storage to host those files. In addition, to avoid overhead or bandwidth limit, we strongly recommend having learning resources on our platform with a size inferior as 200 Mb. We also recommend having your phone plugged in on the power for downloading.

Get in touch with your local phone provider, while using cellular network, to make sure there are not any limitation.

We also recommend using wifi connection to download learning resources.

<div class="alert alert-info" role="alert">
    <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> For SCORM content to be available offline, any libraries referenced within the SCORM package should be included in the package itself.
</div>

## Note on network prerequisites

If users are connected to the corporate network, you need to ensure that this network complies with our prerequisites, in term of IP whitelisting. You can have more information in [this page](https://developers.crossknowledge.com/CKLS-prerequisites).

Commit message:

Update MyLearning.md prerequisites (authentication)

pages/prerequisites/MyLearning.md, after:

---
title: My Learning Technical Prerequisites
keywords: pre-requisites, prerequisites, requirements, mylearning
last_updated: 9 April, 2018
sidebar: home_sidebar
permalink: MyLearning-prerequisites
folder: prerequisites
---


## Compatibility

My Learning application is supported on:
* Apple iOS:<br>
Any device with iOS 12 and above.
* Android:<br>
Any device using Android Oreo 8.0 and above.

Latest mobile application version available on both stores is the only supported version.

## Authentication

Authentication is made with email and activation code.

*\* Authentication with SAML certificates is not supported by the application.*

## Content

In order to see all CrossKnowledge content on your mobile device, you need to have the cloud option activated. This option will make sure that our CrossKnowledge content are hosted on our cloud solutions.

My Learning is optimized to open SCORM/AICC packages/connectors in frame mode and not in pop-up mode.

Please note that SCORM connectors are not optimized for mobile usage.

## Offline content

My Learning allows downloading Blendedx and Learning Channel learning resources offline, to view them with no connectivity.

To download offline learning resources, the users’ devices must have enough space on their local storage to host those files. In addition, to avoid overhead or bandwidth limit, we strongly recommend having learning resources on our platform with a size inferior as 200 Mb. We also recommend having your phone plugged in on the power for downloading.

Get in touch with your local phone provider, while using cellular network, to make sure there are not any limitation.

We also recommend using wifi connection to download learning resources.

<div class="alert alert-info" role="alert">
    <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> For SCORM content to be available offline, any libraries referenced within the SCORM package should be included in the package itself.
</div>

## Note on network prerequisites

If users are connected to the corporate network, you need to ensure that this network complies with our prerequisites, in term of IP whitelisting. You can have more information in [this page](https://developers.crossknowledge.com/CKLS-prerequisites).
